you've ever gotten so drunk that you
said a Luke Bryan song actually wasn't
that bad
me neither one time someone took it
rubbed it all over a blank disc put it
into a CD player and out came the first
Brad Paisley album some of my best
friends are black the Darius Rucker
sucks ass Tim McGraw's new song is more
embarrassing than your mom finding your
penis pump ready you need to move out
man if Brett Eldredge gets arrested
it'll be because he's doing something
dumb in Walmart fair fair fair statement
why does Katy Musgraves look like the
house band at Chili's marijuana works
wonders just look at Willie Nelson
bastard is still alive and won't die
I'm legitimately pissed off of the fact
that Thomas red is ugly like what are
you doing man your voice and looks don't
match sorry
Rascal Flatts please do us all a favor
and stop making music you are so awful
hashtag so bad hashtag spare us hashtag
sounds of death I'd rather listen to the
sound of my grandpa eating a nectarine
for three minutes and 30 seconds than
listening to a Florida Georgia line song
Jake Owen is a suckin what - a
randy Houser chillin was blown away by
his huge voice and how much he looks
like he's big by a gorilla Omaha gross I
just thought of Scotty McCreery
Sam hunt is the male version of Taylor
Swift except his song suck
Danis share definitely about buddy's
honor hey he's a so tiny he sleeps on a
hot dog bun how'd you know Chris Young I
hope you die in a plane wreck keep
sucking didn't really like duh Carrie
Underwood concert seemed dude dull it
had no excitement wrong victus soccer
team I think we've said Little Big Town
I would buy a ticket to one of your
concerts just so I could punch each of
you in the face
hey George Clooney your haircut sucks oh
and so does your sense of humor I'm on
you all night boy